It's a pivot point for gaming culture, with budding new upstarts hoping to carve out their slice of the gaming universe.
Peloton is pivoting to gamify exercise, Panic is opening up orders of their rich monochrome portable, and the march of new games, remasters and groundswell events continues.
Being a gamer is only getting better, and the definition of one continues to expand with more and more options.
Now it's time for your hosts Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to bring you details on these and the rest of the week's gaming news.
Today and right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Hello my friends out there on the internet. Welcome back.
Another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio and we are live here once again.
Sunday nights, 6 Pacific, 9 Eastern at twitch.tv slash VOG Network, The Voice of Geeks Network.
I am here, Rob Roberts, and I am joined by my co-hosts. Say hello to DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Hello.
Hello. Here with me for episode 877 for July the 25th of 2021 because I don't think I said the date and the episode number up front.
And that's important when you have 877 episodes. It's a lot to sift through.
Right.
It's a lot to browse. Did you know I was listening because we do tape live, of course, after the Bobby Blackwell show at VOG Network.
And Bobby, you can actually on his website, you can go back all the way to episode one and download everything.
You actually can't do that with us. Did you know that?
Yeah.
We're special.
Yeah, because it's just too much because we're three hour or well ish through three hours ish.
It's anywhere between two and three hours every week. So the file size really accumulated.
So I think you can get everything back to like episode 600.
But so it's it's still a good chunk, but you have to you have to look around and ask people to find anything earlier than that.
I don't know if listening to old news is always fun, though.
I don't know. Do you like to listen to old stuff with old news, DarkSakura?
Certain podcasts, but they're not news podcasts, I guess.
Yeah, that's the thing. That's the thing. We should we should have had an evergreen format.
We could have talked about different. I mean, I guess there are stuff there are things like the classic game of the week is kind of evergreen content.
There are pieces of the show. The bad jokes are always evergreen.
But, you know, the gaming news, I would think you got to go back to go back to episodes where, like, oh, Nintendo announced this week that they're naming their new console, the Wii.
What a dumb name. This console is going to flop with a stupid name like that.
Oops. I don't know if we were that big on it, but obviously it didn't that name didn't matter. That's for sure.
Well, I don't think I ever changed my story about the name. It was something that got people talking.
Yeah, it did get people talking. That's for sure.
Somebody else here on the show that likes to get people talking. Say hello to Techmaster Loki.
There's lots of names of the kid made it that were even worse.
And they should have it. Wii U would have been worse, actually.
Wii U.
I'm sorry, but I can only think of Kung Pao when I hear Wii U. It's just, you know.
I know. That was not a great name. Yeah, I, you know, I'm the Nintendo leak stuff.
There was more this week, and I think a little bit of that's coming up later in the show.
But I think one thing that we didn't put in there was the list about the list of potential candidates for the, like, the names for Nintendo Wii came out.
There was, like, a big Excel document that was in there, but it was something like 100 names.
And so, in a way, I'm kind of like, I don't know if that's really news because, like, it's a brainstorming session.
And so you just saw all these other names. You don't know which ones were, like, the silver and bronze contenders.
But you can look at those names and you can go, you know, this is what they passed up and went with Wii.
But the Wii thing ended up working out for him, didn't it?
It was the Wii U that didn't work out for him.
But, like, is it the name that made it or the system that made it?
Like, if they called that the revolution instead and it still had the appeal, like, I don't think the name had that much to play with it.
Now, when we're talking about the Wii U, that just caused confusion.
I will say this. My direct response to your question, Loki, is did the name Wii sell it? No.
But what did sell it was Wii Tennis.
And so I will give Nintendo the benefit. I can't believe we're talking about this, how old it is.
But I guess it is relevant with the spreadsheet showing up this week.
But I will say this. Wii Tennis is the reason that system sold as much as it did.
And so at least that name, Wii Tennis, you know, that Wii, it almost, I think in Nintendo's eyes, it became a verb.
To Wii. But not the way y'all are thinking, grade schoolers.
I mean, like, you know, the Wii being the system and something like Wii Tennis is only playable on the Wii.
If it wasn't named the Wii, there may be some people locally that might be still alive today because of stupid radio hosts.
Ooh, ouch. Yeah. But that was a whole other issue.
Okay, let's get into our kickoff topic tonight. This sucks. I have no other way to say it.
And so I'm just going to kick it over to DarkSagra to tell us about what's happening.
So there is a lawsuit that was introduced, sorry, filed on July 20th this month against Activision Blizzard for sexual harassment and other types of discrimination going on in the workplace.
It was stated that they, quote, have a pervasive frat boy workplace culture that have led multiple women to quit and may have contributed to a woman's suicide.
It is a 29-page Civil Rights and Equal Pay Act complaint that says that the place is a breeding ground for harassment and discrimination.
It ignores inappropriate work behavior and it regulates women to low-paying, low-ranking jobs with lower salaries than the men, which has, I mean, been a constant just in general with a lot of major companies.
There's also some of the harassment that has happened. They have what's called cube crawls, where the male employees drink a lot of alcohol and visit the cubes to harass the women along the way.
That men could come in hungover at work and play video games around the clock.
But if women went to take a quick walk during a break or leave to go pick up children from daycare, they were reprimanded.
Male workers were taking over lactation rooms to kick out nursing mothers so they could have meetings there.
And the men would openly talk about their sexual encounters, talk about female bodies and joke about rape, which is unforgivable.
Furthermore, they said that fewer women reached top roles at the company. This is a quote.
The women who do reach higher roles earn less salary, incentive pay and total compensation than their male peers.
Activision came out and said that the claims were, quote, distorted and in many cases false and that they were disappointed that the state regulators had not worked with Activision in good faith to investigate before the lawsuit.
Their quote says we value diversity and strive to foster a workplace that offers inclusivity for everyone.
There is no place in our company or industry or any industry for sexual misconduct or harassment of any kind.
We take every allegation seriously and investigate all claims in cases related to misconduct. Action was taken to address the issue.
Anyway, there's also another note about this is where the the suicide thing comes in, is that there was a woman who
worked for Blizzard and killed herself on a business trip.
She had been with a male supervisor that she had been having an intimate relationship with.
And it also stated that the male coworkers were passing around photos of her naked before she took her life.
Activism is saying that her death was not relevant to the claim and were being nasty about it.
It's like we were sickened by the reprehensible conduct of the DFEH to drag into the complaint the tragic suicide of an employee whose passing has no bearing whatsoever on this case with no regard for a grieving family.
Bullshit.
Even though revenge porn was going around the workplace.
You've got to be that is fucking bold of Activision today.
It was interesting is this is only a two year look into the company.
Like people have been saying this about the company for a long time.
So it's like let's let's let Jamie finish because there's a lot.
We all got something to say.
I know it.
Yeah.
The complaint is also saying that black women were micromanaged, forced to justify their breaks and requests for time off while no other workers were asked to.
They were also signaled out for their body language and scolded for asking other employees for help when other employees didn't receive similar treatment.
And they also were saying that the companies were hiring women based on their looks.
And again, this is why you should never put your photo on your resume.
Just saying, I think that now it's illegal to do so.
And anyway, other things that this is really disgusting is that there was another senior leader who and this is the quote, engaged in blatant sexual harassment with little to no repercussions.
They alleged the man made advances at women at a work event to female employees.
They wanted to marry them and tried to kiss them and hold them.
And in the lawsuit that states that his office was nicknamed the Cosby suite in reference to Bill Cosby, who was at the time convicted of rape and then released in a very bullshit move.
I'm sick.
It's it's absolutely sick.
And in reading the the injection, sorry, the the lawsuit, like the introduction to it, I'm just going to read a little bit of it.
All right. Headquartered in California since the 1970s were the nation's strongest anti harassment, equal pay and other equal employment opportunity protections exist for employees.
Defendants should have a safe haven workplace in the video game industry.
Sexism has has plagued the male dominated gaming industry for decades and increasingly so in recent years.
Well, many girls now make up half the gamers of America, but the gaming industry continues to cater to men even in California.
Activision Blizzard's double digit percentage growth, 10 figure annual revenues and recent diversity marketing campaigns have unfortunately changed little defendants compliant with California's broad workplace protections.
As long overdue, then that's going into a lot more of it.
And here's one thing in number three, unlike its customer base of increasingly diverse players, defendants workforce is only about 20 percent women.
Its top leadership is also exclusively male and white.
And it looks like a big thing.
You know, I'm actually for those that are in a chat, I am going to link the the the document.
This is very easy to find for those on the podcast, like if you just go to Google News and look for Activision Blizzard lawsuit for the sake of those on.
I'll also say you can look up about be law dot com slash YJW.
But yeah, it it looks like numbers right in the get go.
One of the ones that was really just looking at what their CEO made in 2020 was one million four hundred ninety four two hundred and thirty one dollars and more than that in 2019 and 2018.
Their highest paid female officer, Claudine Naughton, the CPO, the chief people officer, made six hundred fifty five thousand.
The next person in the same group made eight hundred and fifty two thousand two hundred and five dollars.
He made more money than she did for the same job.
So, yeah, there's another one on here to an internal investigation and human resource unit noted there was a big last lack of trust and that H.R. not held in high regard.
Unsurprisingly, employees complaints were either treated in a perfunctory or dismissive manner and not kept confidential as a result of these complaints.
Female employees were subjected to retaliation, including but not limited to being deprived of work on projects and willingly transferred to different units and selected for layoffs.
So that's all I read on that one.
You can read the whole thing yourself if you want.
I'm about ready to pop off, but Jamie, if you want to go first, by all means.
I am.
I have no words for how disgusted I am to name some people by name.
The World of Warcraft senior creative director, that's Alex Afrasyabi.
I hope I pronounced that right.
Actually, I don't care if I pronounced it right.
Would harass female employees either at BlizzCon.
It was an open secret and that they had multiple conversations with him and cautioned him over his drinking and being too friendly toward female employees.
But apparently he kept doing it.
He is a quest and level designer for World of Warcraft and he left the company in June of 2020.
The women on the battle net team were subjected to disparaging comments.
And that women who were quote not huge gamers or into the party scene were treated as outsiders within the company.
It's just so much on here like more and more that I read.
It's absolutely disgusting.
And there's a reason that quote a good faith effort was not made or that those overtures were not considered was because it's been proven that Activision Blizzard's own HR group is intensely inept and or does not care to act because they're in on it.
They probably get something, you know, from, you know, maybe some of the other employees to sweep things under the rug.
There's also, gosh, I'm trying to look at just some other things on here. Yeah, the cube crawls.
Let me I want to get to a chat comment that's really good and I think important in the context of all this. So, of course, we do tape live. We have our chat room over twitch.tv slash vog network and our pal Tay plays games from the Debbie.
Debbie delight scene is in chat and gives us a very, I think a very important comment we should keep in mind. I've got some stuff to say.
My partner has worked at Blizzard for over 13 years he is a rape survivor and a gay man, I'd like to remind everyone that the vast, vast majority of people who work at these companies are good people who want to do their jobs.
There are queer people, women and people of color who work at Blizzard, and are trying to do their jobs and change the culture from the inside. Let's be mindful of when we talk about these companies we are condemning the bad actors, those who have perpetuated discrimination
of any kind, as well as company leadership.
100%, I agree with that comment. That is why when I see the knee jerk response of we have to boycott Blizzard over this.
I don't think that is the correct action.
And there's a couple, there's a couple reasons for that. There's a couple reasons that number one.
I thought everybody was already boycotting Blizzard over the Hong Kong stuff didn't seem to be very effective did it.
Number two, boycotts are going to affect the folks that Tay is talking about, and you even bring it up in the lawsuit there about the layoffs and those types of things that you bring up there.
The people that aren't a problem, aren't the cause of the problem are the ones that are going to be targeted by those sorts of things.
However, I do think that the lawsuit may force the changes that needed to happen.
Yes, yes, and, and this is what's effective. Yes, and that's the part so I want to clarify something I said earlier because in the beginning I said, you know, here, here we go again this news doesn't, you know, make me happier I don't know what I said at the beginning,
but I think y'all know which part I'm talking about hearing about these disgusting stories that Jamie just outlined that's the part I don't like a major major component of what makes this story different from this story we have heard way too many fucking times
at this point. And by the way, if you want to boycott Blizzard. I hope you're boycotting Ubisoft, I hope I hope you're boycotting gaming right now.
You should just not be playing video games, and while you're at it, stay off of Twitter. This is stay off of Facebook stay off of Twitch staff of Amazon.
That is the note.
If you're going to take the boycott route you have to boycott the whole, the whole ecosystem.
That is the unfortunate part of this is that this Activision Blizzard is just the latest. It's, it's a, it's a fucking whack a mole game right now. It is the latest example of rot in this industry that we as fans we that love video games we that have had our
lives, improved, enriched enhanced communities built around video games. These stories that we are fucking sick of hearing, because we want this industry to be taken seriously, but time and time again, the people in charge are letting us down.
And quite frankly, how dare. How dare j alan brack go out there on Twitter and leave that note about why I'm very, I'm very surprised to hear about these types of things and I'm so disappointed.
You know what, there were there were four words missing from that statement.
I resign, effective tomorrow.
Yeah, that is actually that is what is needed.
Take out the trash. Yeah, there is no ethical consumption under capitalism. Yes.
So, yes, I'll say so I think what we can celebrate, which is a weird word to use I'm sorry, but, and in this is a theme we've talked about in gaming over the last few years, if you if the gaming industry cannot solve the problem.
The government is going to step in and fix it for them, which might not be the solution they want. And we've said that about violence and video games right that's why the ESRB was founded right.
We've said that about loot boxes and video games, which has been something that you know the government's hovering over that. Well, you know what the big difference here.
The state of California has now shown up to the table to say, we're, we're now gonna, we're now going to order some fixes, we're not going to mandate some fixes. And that's the part where I go, finally.
Finally, our effect elected officials at work, because quite honestly, what I think needs to happen with this. I think a Senate hearing needs to happen with this.
I know that sounds really radical and crazy. But that's, that's the level of visibility this entire industry needs. This is not an Activision Blizzard problem specifically, it's an industry problem.
And it's time to lay it out.
I don't even know if it's just this industry I mean there's lots of industries where this is a problem but like obviously if it prompted them to investigate it there was a lot more like I don't like how they just sweep it under the rug and say oh it's.
We're so shocked you know it's like it's not because like obviously if it led up to that. There's been lots of complaints they don't just take the first complaint that comes to them go okay now we're going to investigate like they normally, if there's a lot of complaints, then that's
when you're seeing a lawsuit and then we finally a lawsuit if they didn't have evidence so like, I don't know.
I think that if there's any sort of offer for an out of court settlement, I think it should be rejected.
This needs to be public and stay public.
And I think, as far as what can we do it when we're trying to think you know and I know a lot of people especially like if you stream Overwatch stuff and World of Warcraft stuff it's like, I don't want to give up my community, because a bunch of people were
really didn't impact the final product of the hardworking frontline.
Exactly. What can we do. Here's what we can do. We can write our elected officials and encourage them to keep doing this, because unfortunately the gaming industry has proven they can't take care of it themselves.
Well, and I have to, I have to say, it's actually a gosh when did they do the podcast, it was even earlier this year or last year.
But one of my favorite podcasts, which is stuff you missed in history class, hosted by my friends, Annie and Samantha.
They did one about women in gaming, and what it's like to be a woman in the industry and what it's like to be a woman gaming, you know we actually make up more than half now of the gaming community.
Yet, the companies ignore this. We're harassed online whenever we try to, you know, play games, an online game, or a lot of, you know, a lot of streamers who identify female or close to it can get some rest but that's actually why I quit streaming before. Did you know that?
I know, I do know that you more so than Loki and I have faced a scrutiny here on OLR over the years, I know that for a fact. So, led to my, my two year hiatus from streaming.
I mean, I just just to be clear, I sometimes get the emails because you know I sometimes get the emails what very rare especially anymore but I should I get the emails that are like, you know, you can pray the gay away you can change I do get those types of things once in a while, but you get the shut the fuck up and get back in the kitchen emails.
And that's disgusting.
I do get this. I should see some of it so I can make fun of them. It's, it's been a long time. You have been a long time. The first one that says that I need to make sandwiches and I'm like, yeah, that's what I'm talking about.
It was honestly though, I have really thick skin with the show, and with being online.
But there are.
There are some things that I've just like, I got sick of it, and I'm more stubborn I don't let people chase me off of anything but I was just like look I don't have time for this shit right now, so I quit, I quit, I was done.
I think the last thing I had streamed was hot to full boyfriend. At the time, which I need to do again, but I yeah I took I took however long off just because I was, I was done with it.
And the thing is, is that when we now make up equal if not more of the gaming population. We need to also be that well represented within the industry as an employee as a game designer, doing music, doing graphic design, branding SEO all of it that goes into the video game industry.
We need to have equal representation within the industry as much as a consumer in the industry. Makes sense.
Absolutely. I want to get some more comments from chat you guys are lighting it up with good stuff I'm sorry I can't get to everything, but our pal Tay is also saying evergreen thing you can do uplift the voices of marginalized people shut the fuck up and listen to what they have to say.
Yes, men, be better. Yes, the onus is on you to call out your friends, when they say say stupid shit. I, the message here is not that every man in the world has done something wrong.
But the point is that when you illustrate that story about the cube game where they're they're drunk crawling the queue this all this. That's not one person.
That's a group of people, it would have taken one person within that group of people to say, this is fucked up.
And this is actually going back to something that was a part of. Do you remember the hashtag that was going around yes all men.
Oh yeah yeah yeah I do.
And this is going back to that because it's enough.
Men or says, men in general, that it breaks our trust, you know, women, women identified pair of female, you know, Demi female like like myself.
I'm going to use women loosely in that, in that respect.
Is this enough that we're wary of all.
I mean, and hell even. I even am wary around gay men that I don't know, because I've before been groped and said it's okay honey I'm gay.
Yeah, no, it's not okay. It's not okay, you touch me without my permission. Yeah.
The only time I don't get that is when I'm in sister face.
Absolutely disgusting but anyway going back to this though, is that, you know, we.
And I'm going to actually go into a little bit of a history lesson. Okay.
So, back in the day, maybe late 1800s, early 1900s, we had, you know, longer than the regular five day 40 hour week, we had child labor rampant, there were very few regulations.
And it was when people came together to form unions.
They unionized, they spoke out and they made shit happen. And that's why we have a 40 hour work week and we have you know the general five day and we have weekends and time off and these regulations, because people got together, and they made the shit happen.
And that is 1000%, why the video game industry needs its own union or series of unions, and every time tech and gaming industries have tried to unionize, they've been shut down people have been fired it's happened with Google.
There's been silencing all across the board, anti union, sort of thing of anti union propaganda being spread.
And it's time to honestly I think it's almost time to restructure our concept of unions and
have more people involved in them make them more grassroots make them.
I mean they're fairly powerful we saw what happened, I still need to figure out the rest of what happened with the SAG AFTA strike.
But this is why we need unions, we need the regulations and we need these protections in place. And we need not, I wouldn't even say necessarily government intervention like government oversight, but we need a completely unbiased third party oversight
group that inspects both the companies and inspects the way the government is handling it.
I think the government's going to always say that they're doing it right. I think that is a solution that that may need to happen here, as much as, you know, I think a lot of us go oh the government that's going to own that's never good news and all that stuff,
and I totally get that perspective, like government regulation and oversight is where this is all headed. That's the bottom line I think to all this because this is an epidemic in the industry, you know Activision Blizzard is who we're talking about this week.
But unless action starts like now, I think every company in the gaming industry, every company in the gaming industry should be responding to this news this week internally.
Ubisoft, I mean look at the world. Thank, thank goodness for Ubisoft not being in the United States because otherwise they'd probably already be under this type of scrutiny as it is. But, yeah, I mean there's plenty of companies and examples of different companies
it's, it's definitely industry wide.
Yeah.
Well, and I see it very brings up another point that I was going to bring up unionizing on its own is not enough the union needs to be regulated to be held accountable by its members.
Absolutely.
And that's why I'm saying, you know, we need proper oversight, I personally think that all government agencies need to have non government oversight reporting on them.
You know, have outside agencies look at their budgets etc but that's, that's a completely different topic but now someone like my mother would come in and say, well that regulation it's going to make us just like North Korea.
And I bring up North Korea because I've been watching a lot of documentaries about the regime.
But it's not. This is the thing is that we already have a culture that understands that freedom, freedom of speech freedom to act. That's fine but the consequences need to be in place so that people are not going to take advantage of it.
As an advantage at the expense of other people, your rights, and where they infringe on mine.
Make sense.
Uh huh.
And, and actually today was bringing up something else that that I absolutely agree with over half the states in this country have right to work laws, which effectively cripple any power unions have.
So yes, we do need more government involvement in the form of rewriting labor laws, absolutely. But we also do need to make sure that there's oversight, that is from without both the company and the government.
So, and obviously all of these things we're talking about sadly are not going to be remedied in a week. By the time we can, by the time we get to next week show, we are not going to be able to wave the flag and celebrate hooray sexism and misogyny has been
eliminated in our industry. Nope, that will not be a headline next week.
I have my own thoughts on this I think that our country is too big to effectively have a central government, and that I think that states aren't necessarily the way to go either but that's a completely different philosophy.
But I think also in the, in the short term, you know, I know we don't have a ton of industry people listening to this show.
But there's a few.
And I hope you all at least feel empowered. After this, I mean, I would hope folks felt that way already but to report those types of things as you see them and call this shit out.
Look for especially for micro aggressions, which is usually a symptom of a much larger problem.
And now, now, you know, now you know, if nothing else now you know if your HR department's not doing shit. There's a California department there's a department in your state.
That's probably building up case files.
Mm hmm. Quite frankly, and, and I want to say something that I said on Bobby stream before us. Yeah, Bobby stream.
Bobby show discuss the show I've been doing a little too much, um, that, just because you don't see it just because it doesn't happen to you doesn't mean it doesn't happen.
You know, I, I, I'm going to use a really stupid example. I've never had tattoos therefore no one ever has them. What is this thing on your body.
No, just because I've never had a tattoo doesn't mean that other people don't have tattoos and don't think that they heard or that they're beautiful or whatever.
My husband might have something to say on that if you've been paying attention to his blogs this past week, I know, Alan got his first tattoo if you didn't know.
Um, but my point goes back to it is just like just because no one's ever given me shit for the color of my skin doesn't mean that other people aren't being given shit for the color of their skin.
Just because, um, like I'll say just because Dan can go out and pretty much have his walk of the world because he's a white straight man, you know, doesn't mean that I can have the same thing happen because I am an asexual para female, you know, my experience is going to be different.
I'm going to have people going well that's weird or you're not into that what that means you're broken. I've had doctors try to cure me, you know, it's, but that's not the experience that allosexuals might have, you know, I'm using as an example.
Everyone's experience is going to be different. And just because you don't see it doesn't mean it doesn't happen. That's why we need more diversity we need these different voices and we need these different levels of experience to be in on it and speak on these things.
We need to shut up and listen to each other. We're too busy, and even just in an everyday conversation right. We're too busy reacting or thinking about what we want to say on it to actually listen to what the other party has to say.
We, we talk to react, we don't talk to listen.
I want to get one more comment from Tay here he's been given a lot of good comments throughout the night. Many of these video game companies are headquartered in California, which has comparatively strong labor protections.
The problem is which employees want to potentially get fired by sticking their neck out to form a union. The catch 22 is very real unfortunately, yeah, and that is things we need our government to, you know, ensure is certainly that they're like whistleblower protections
in all industries and that people that do come forward and speak on these issues are protected. I think that is, you know, one huge thing. I again we're unfortunately we're not going to get there next week, even though I wish we could.
But I like we need to keep using our voices to push our government, which at the end of the day is supposed to work for us to do these things.
The last thing that they said to very simple concepts called empathy. This is why finding people who don't look like you sound like you are believing the same things as an active effort.
Yes. A thousand times yes. And I just went through. It wasn't assigned to me but I did the training at work, anyway, about the place that empathy has in the comp in my company that I worked for about the spirit of collaboration, and about how diversifying your, your worker
base and listening to those different concepts, makes a better stronger company, it makes a better stronger employee when you are listening to other people, and taking wisdom from their experiences.
So, it's absolutely empathy, it's, it's not being able to go oh well that's too bad you're going that sympathy right empathy means that you're making an effort to personalize what another person feels to try to put yourself in their shoes.
I understand, even if you really can't do it because you haven't experienced it though, you're listening to them, and you're incorporating that into your experience so that you have a broader scope that you can put yourselves in those shoes.
Does that make sense. Oh yeah.
I don't know what else can be said on this at this time I think that's probably a good note to move on to our next topic on, I'm sure this is going to be something that's going to be revisited in the coming weeks, and hopefully in the context of.
Here's some reform here's some real action that's happening here are some CEO resignations that are badly needed right now, the world to change an old phrase of ours.
Maybe a system is only as good as the people in it.
Maybe.
All right, let's move on to our gaming weeks and talk about the types of video games that we have been playing this week, so dark Sakura, I'm back to you because I always start with you how was your gaming week.
I hadn't been playing well.
Honestly, I haven't played since they got they banished my space elf husband again.
I have been playing, of course, a lot of dead by daylight I have goals now and that is to get every character at least a 40.
And I said, you know, I'm gonna I'm gonna put the points in dinner so when they have Strider and I'm going to use that with spirit and it's going to be fun.
No they're nerfing Strider, so I'm doing it now for.
I know it's a sin out of phobia but I always mess up and call it Thanos topia.
You know, so, so that's been it of course I've been doing it on stream and I've brought in a new Saturday midnight stream will technically Sunday morning midnight, but yeah, I've been doing that.
I've also been playing fantastic Asian.
People wanted to watch me grind so I let them watch me grind. And I'm getting ready to move on to the second part of the game.
I'm so pleased that there's going to be a part two. I love temptation, it's such a good little RPG.
If you've got any kind of Apple device and you have Apple Arcade.
This game is absolutely worth the subscription for Apple Arcade, it is, it is delightful done by so many of the Final Fantasy folks.
I've been doing word word scapes, a lot because I mean, it's, it's my brain wake up it's you know what I used to kind of get my brain going.
And I'm going to start preparing myself for a streaming marathon. I wanted to do it next month in face as a sister.
Fun.
Um, and I don't know if I can play that much Dead by Daylight without getting completely pissed off at humanity in general.
But I'm thinking that I might do that and maybe the Colonel Sanders game and Hataful Boyfriend and Dream Daddy, because you know I love my dating sims.
Do some music games, go back to your roots do some, how about some Busta Move.
But the thing is, is that I don't have the stuff to stream console properly on my Mac.
We gotta figure that is, I'm gonna, I'm actually looking at another streaming device, kind of a wireless streaming device.
But I'm also thinking of.
I've got some lovely motherboards for my, my old PC but what I think I also need in it is a new graphics card.
And I'm looking like it models three years old because there's no, I mean, I was actually in losing colors stream earlier because they were streaming a little bit early today.
And we're talking about graphics cards, and just how ridiculously expensive that they've become and I was trying to help shop around because I've got some good resources.
And I'm probably going to be looking for like a three year old radio on or something like that, just because I want something a little bit better than I have but I don't need it for anything better than the, the mass effect.
And I still have to see if windows arm will play mass effect better now that there's new updates for it. So, anyway, that's kind of been where I've been.
Oh, and that's odd. That was unexpected. Okay, so something weird has happened and we'd like lost Jamie. I don't know if that was the up, and she came right back.
You okay. Yeah, I don't know what happened but I got kicked out of chat.
What was the last thing that I thought I ended and then I heard the blip and then.
Yeah, it's all it's like you had an internet hiccup or something so that's strange.
Actually, I mean it actually kicked me out of the chat so yeah, which is when my internet goes down.
Weird. Oh, as long as my, my full thought made it out, then that's awesome.
I think so yes, but your cameras off I don't know if you know, I'll reconnect it. Cool.
Um, let's go over to Loki How was your gaming week.
It wasn't very eventful. It was all rendering is what it was, I saw a new video today though. So yeah, something a long time, like, I, the build took a long time so I finished basically.
If you watch my content and you really should if you're not. I finished the build they started with the tango visit they had from hermit craft, like last month.
And so based on what we had sort of built a little wall. I had come up with a concept and built it in in the server. And so I finished that, like the actual build I think a week or so ago.
And then it was just the because we're in the brand new 117. A lot of the plugins and things that would normally make Minecraft run a lot better, especially with, you know, shaders and whatnot.
They're all kind of beta right now and so stuff doesn't work quite right. And so I had to run off the fine with the replay mod in order to get it to render with shaders on and off the fines not really optimized right now for 117 and so because of that it took
I had nine different clips nine different time lapses to render out and it took about two to three hours per video, which sucks because I ended up cutting those down to about 30 seconds each for my time lapse.
So it was a good like week long rendering. All of my evenings were rendering out like content for the video. And then I decided to dabble in After Effects and do some stuff that at the end of the video with that. And that took a long time because I individually each frame adjusted the lighting to get the lighting look like it was in the in the game.
And it's 60 frames per second too. So but man, I tell you, like, even though it it sucks doing that. It looks so good. Like I've watched the end of my video at least 25 times already. And I'm just I'm so impressed with myself with what I did. But yeah, so basically kind of I finished the bill that kind of talked about like what I did with that stuff.
And then I allude to some other like lore stuff that's going to be happening as well. Because like I said, there's not a lot of people to talk to on the server. Although ironically today, though, like when I get home, people want to talk. And so I like was actually in chat with like four or five people at the same time, for like a good hour or so. So that was kind of nice. But normally in game, I don't get to talk to people. And so I have to kind of come up with something to try to entertain the viewers. I have what few of them there are, I've like done everything to harm myself out out there.
And I can't, I can't get anybody to watch my videos. Like everybody says like, how the hell did you get someone from hermitcraft to like, you know, basically collab with you and like, they're impressed by that. But like, I can't get anybody to watch my content. Like I don't know what to do. So I like I seriously am out there like every I'm, I'm on like, lots of different discords different, you know, chat rooms. I haven't hit the forums. That's one thing I need to do is hit up some of those forums.
But like, I don't know, I'm trying to promote myself as best I can. So it's been a little bit of Minecraft this week, but mostly video editing was all week. And so now the timer is reset. And so now I got to jam out some more content for next week, hopefully. But it, yeah, it's exciting. I have some plans. I have some very ambitious plans, like always, I can't just leave it to be the most simple thing ever. Because I don't know.
Like I said, I'm trying to get the attention of the folks on hermitcraft so that, you know, someday I can join them. And the only way I can do that is go big, like just big and fast. I got to just really try to do some ridiculous stuff. And that's what I'm trying to do.
Just keep pushing as best you can. I know it's a lot. It'll be really nice when conventions start to come back. Like, obviously, I know some of the things going on with Delta and all that stuff are causing a lot of question marks. But I think the reality is that is that is a problem of the unvaccinated at this point.
For those that are, you know, getting vaccinated, we'll be at these conventions sooner rather than later. And this is gonna be nice to be back in person. And you'll get to the kind of network amongst people face to face. And there's there's nothing better than networking face to face.
Well, I've been, you know, not to try to like, you know, I haven't talked to the server admins. And like I said, I've been pretty transparent with them about like, listen, this season? Yes. But like next season, that's still question mark. I've been shopping around, not really shopping around, but I've been looking around to see like, what else is out there, like other groups of people are kind of similar things, they're doing more content creation. And I found a few different groups that do that. So I've been trying to connect with them a little bit. But like, even today, I was talking with some people on the server. And
there's like, there's one guy that he was in one of my videos, like a little bit, he made some comments and stuff. And he was his hilarious. I like, I really liked playing with him. But like, I haven't seen him in weeks. And so we got him on a voice call today. And this first time I've ever talked to him. And he's like, Oh, yeah, I'm not even playing on that server anymore. I'm playing on this server. It's like, we're losing people all the time. Like, we lost just, I can think of at least five people that have left. And it's just it's making it difficult with all this attrition that we get on the
server, like it to actually have people what I did connect with some people today, and you know, even someone that's doing content stuff. So I'm pretty excited to get to, you know, play with them a little bit. I did find out today, though, I'm the oldest person on the server. So that's nice.
But yeah, but whatever. I mean, it's fine. I would like to play with more people my age, but it's fine. You know what, I'm totally cool with that. But like, it was really nice to get to talk to people today. And I really hope to do more of that. I want to have more people like actually in the video and talking with them and stuff like that and interacting. I just I'm trying to remind them like, like, Hey, listen, you know, I, you know, me, I'm like, I used to swear all the time, you probably haven't noticed, like, since we've been doing a remote, I have no idea what's going on, like, what's going on, what's going on, what's going on, what's going on, what's going on, what's going on, what's going on, what's going on, what's going on, what's going on, what's going on, what's going on, what's going on, what's going on, what
happened been swearing a lot. I've pretty much not been swearing at all on this show.
Makes sense to do that. And also my kids watch my content. So can't do that either.
So that's why I haven't been as ranty and cursy as I have been in the past. But anyway,
sorry, I'm rambling. No, I'm sorry.
No, don't be sorry. Don't be sorry at all. I bet. Hey, Bobby Blackwell will probably
have you back on his show now.
Yeah, I can totally go on his show now because I'm not cursing anymore. All right. Now, let's
make it clear, though, during the day when I'm working, oh, my God is just just constant
expletives all the time, especially when my kids gone and stuff like that. It's just all
day long. So I get it all out during the week. It's just, you know, games and like video
time. I don't do that.
I tase and chat. There are lots of people in chat besides tape. There's just a lot of
good comments tonight with a suggestion for Loki and promotion saying I hate to say it.
But if you want to drive people to your YouTube channel, posting clips on TikTok is very,
very valuable. There's a huge amount of Minecraft stuff on TikTok and editing 30 second or minute
long clips isn't too much investment to throw on there. That's a really good idea, especially
since you got that guy that's very popular.
Yeah, you should you should really like find a 30 second or minute clip from and put the
hashtags and don't forget to use some of his hashtags, too. I bet that'll really help.
I can do that. Yeah, it's going against it's going against everything I believe about TikTok.
But yeah, it's actually been a lot more fun than I thought it would be.
I know I tease my wife all the time because she watches TikTok all the time.
I still don't understand how to make content for it. But that's you know, that's also there's
also shorts to YouTube shorts is another thing because the algorithm with the shorts is much
different than with the actual content. You can actually grow your channel a lot faster
with shorts, but I just haven't really made a lot of that short form content yet. But
I'm sure I could try to edit some stuff together. There's also going the tutorial route as well.
I don't really want to do that. But like that does get a lot of views to your channel. So
it may be something to consider.
Dr. Tia and Chad are saying I honestly didn't really notice about the swearing thing until
you brought it up. So yeah, yeah, I know. It's just Yeah, I haven't really been doing
it too much just mainly well because of the Hermitcraft stuff because I like I said, I
I'm trying to get on there and I know it's in such an impossible like thing to do. But
it would be nice I would really appreciate it. But there's lots of groups out there that
I would like to play with like one of the ones I discovered this week I've been watching
a lot more YouTube and Twitch content lately like a lot lot more. And so one of the groups
I did find there's a group called pleasant craft that actually is a bunch of content
creators. Their channels are a bit bigger than mine, but not like huge like you know
3000 1000 ish and they have like a pretty like active community. Now not everyone streams
on there. Most of the people do and ironically enough, the guy that I found it through which
is a guy called game time but they're who streams actually right about now. He actually
streams on his own server but he's a member of pleasant crafting doesn't stream from there
which is weird but that's how I discovered them because I've been looking for more groups
of people that are active like that. There's the other guy that left our server dad's dad
he has a sector 17. But the concern I have with them is there's people streaming on right
now but it's not very many and speaking with him not all the people stream on their server
it's only like a handful of people and I have a feeling that's going to be like ours where
there's a handful of people at the beginning but then it dies off so I'm waiting to see
how that goes but all right we'll see as the minecraft world turns we'll see on next
week exactly my gaming week so I've I've been playing a little bit of dev by daylight as
well not as much as dark sakura but actually not as much this week compared to previous
weeks just because there's been a lot of other stuff going on I've been playing a little
bit of Final Fantasy 14 still trying to get all my classes 80 for the next expansion I'm
getting closer my warrior hit 60 that's one of three jobs left that I don't have at max level
so I've been working on that but otherwise I've been continuing in another game I've talked about
recently on the show still loving Yakuza like a dragon I just finished chapter six like an hour
before the show started tonight so and I believe there's 15 chapters in the game so but I feel like
the chapters are moving faster than the first couple chapters did that really kind of set up
the story but at the same time there's a lot more as the world's opened up there's things you can do
and the game is just hilarious and at times but it's also got just a really fascinating story and
it just it that with the combat the way it is and everything it it does feel like I'm playing like a
Final Fantasy esque modern type of game and I'm really into it I can't believe none of you out
there suggested I ever play this game like why didn't any of you bring this to my attention I
was watching I'm just I'm being a shit because everybody's been telling me to play this game
it just took me forever yeah I was I was watching him play it a little bit too and I had to stop
because he got past where I'm at I want to ruin it for myself so yeah I'm really sad about that
but yeah I'm really enjoying the like a dragon and trying to get some of the side I'm very like I've
got to do all the side quests that I can do and all the and there's a lot of like stuff that's
building up I still haven't gotten the dragon cart stuff but I think I'm close my characters
are just all got around like level 20 so I think I get to that part of the game soon so stay tuned
and then the other game I've spent quite a bit of time playing this week actually is the brand new
MOBA that just came out this week Pokemon unite that is free to play on the Nintendo switch and
a lot of people are talking about this game because it's Pokemon and it's free to play so
there's been a lot of people that have been downloading this and checking it out and I got
to say you know it's interesting because Nintendo oftentimes gets a lot of shit for not being at the
at the peak of their game when it comes to online functionality I think releasing a Pokemon MOBA is
one of those exceptions where them lagging behind a little bit is actually really helping them and
I'm actually really thankful there is no postgame chat because that's the worst thing about any MOBA
is the postgame chat or during game chat or any of that stuff or live chat I still now that's not
to say I think Nintendo should still like I think they're just surrendering to discord when their
app fails to allow you to voice chat with your friends when you're playing a game but I digress
Pokemon unite it's a very good introduction to MOBAs and you learn pretty quickly about you know
the concept of like lanes and you know trying to get to the end the goal and there's like little
mini fortresses before you get to the end goal it's just that they've kind of changed it up so
it all fits this Pokemon theme where you're trying to you know score goals and if you get enough
goals then you kind of like destroy the goal point and of course you play as a particular Pokemon and
you can of course if you want to spend money buy more Pokemon although you might earn some very
slowly so I'm enjoying playing the game it you are it is very slow to unlock certain parts of
the game like I just got quick play which I didn't even because I was gonna come on here and say god
I wish there was more than one map to play on because this game seems very bare bones oh there's
more maps in quick play because there's like five minute games there as opposed to Timothy I still
think this game is very obviously in its infancy and there's going to be plenty more to come more
Pokemon more maps and things like that so I think that'll be good the other like issue with Pokemon
unite is that I there have already been several expose or I suppose they've been exposed on the
free-to-play practices and just how much of an advantage pouring money into the game and
upgrading items and things like that can give you there was a whole little analysis done where
somebody bought like all the max upgrades for one of the Pokemon and was basically able to take out
the entire other team by so there's some serious balance issues and I understand that you know
because there's a part of me it's like I wish Nintendo would just put this out as a $60 game
with everything unlocked maybe charging for cosmetics maybe but just like let people have
the full experience but I understand I guess that's not in their vision and most MOBAs don't
go that way but most MOBAs are pretty balanced where even if somebody pours money into the game
one person can't take out the entire other team so but but it's new it just came out this week
some things are gonna have to be looked at I'm sure so I'm gonna give them the benefit of the
doubt in that regard we'll check in in a month and see where things are at with that but yeah
as far as like I don't play MOBAs but what are they I think Pokemon unites a good entry into
them just to check it out and see what it's all about and you know it's Pokemon there's a bit of
it that if you've ever played a Pokemon game in your life you're gonna pick up pretty naturally
and yeah there's there's a lot I'm I'm really looking forward to with the game as it continues
to develop and more stuff comes out Mike Deft in our chat by the way I want to congratulate
Mike Deft's podcast the GFM cast for hitting five years this was their five-year show or should I
say Cinco aos show because their show is all in Spanish of course so and that's that's the
unfortunate thing you can very much tell I don't really speak Spanish so I I'm not able to listen
to the podcast as much as I'd like and really give that feedback but I Mike Deft has been a
huge support of OLR here over the years so I'm just gonna support him because I like the guy
and I'm gonna say a big thank you for and congrats for the five-year milestone there let's see Tae in
chat says all the 11 year olds with mom's credit card Nintendo is printing money as we speak yeah
it's just a matter of time before the mobile phone version of that game comes out and then I think
there's gonna be even more people into it but you know they're gonna get called out for brain being
predatory if they don't really balance out some of these issues so we'll try to give them the
benefit out I already noticed that like once I got to level 8 the crawl to level 9 is like whoa
it's way slower to get to level 9 and there's still things I have to unlock like just like
basic like the ability to hold a third item the ability to upgrade my items is unlocked at level
9 so I'm still making my way there and working there so yeah but I even you you can play with
your friends like Shane and I were playing the other like I fired up a discord chat and we were
talking over the phone and we you're able to get in the same lobby and so it you know like overwatch
or whatever other game is 5v5 even if you only have two or three you just join the matchmaking
and it finds the rest of people for you so yeah so yeah I'll continue to play Pokemon unite try to
get into one or two games where I can so it's it's cute you know if nothing else it's free so
the only thing you have to waste is your time Tay plays games says how long is an average game
the games are capped at 10 minutes that is the difference between that and other MOBAs is that
other MOBAs they don't finish until the enemy base is destroyed these games are capped at 10
minutes and if you play quick play it's capped at 5 minutes so that is also you have to remember
this game is also gonna be on mobile phones so they have to have things that are mobile phone
attention span length so I actually think that's another strength and I've had games go less than
10 minutes because I have not seen this ability to do this but I have not to shoot my own horn
I'm so fucking good that I've played against teams that surrendered the match before it was
over I don't know what the rules are how that happens but yeah I by the way I'm an Eldegoss
main and the reason why I love to play Eldegoss which I never thought would be like my main
Pokemon the Eldegoss is the only Pokemon that does like any sort of direct healing heal healing
and shielding on others and so I love being a support so yeah love that yeah Tay says League
takes 45 minutes on average no ma'am the MOBA I enjoyed the most previously was Heroes of the
Storm and those matches would you go could still go on for a little while I really enjoyed Heroes
of the Storm I'm very sad that Blizzard decided not to keep investing a lot more resources into
that I really wish they had because I was having fun with that but it is what it is so alright
that's it for my gaming week let's move on um is there any housekeeping I need to get to I do want
to say quickly I will be at Dragon Con in Atlanta over Labor Day weekend along with other person
here at the voice geeks Network Bobby Black Wolf will be there as well yes it's still happening
with everything going on in the world I would encourage you to come if you're vaccinated if
you're not vaccinated I don't think you should come but I it's everybody's personal choice at
the end of the day but just with everything going on in the world I'm just saying it's you're you're
gonna be putting yourself in a much bigger risk so I'm just just to make myself clear um I am gonna
have six six panels at Dragon Con it looks like so three on the gaming track and three on the
digital media track I will break that all down for you when we get closer to the convention but
I'm very excited about it I just found out what panels I'm I don't believe anything until it's in
the app so what panels I'm supposedly doing on the gaming track and there's some really exciting
ones because I have some stuff that's about like community stuff this year so I'm really excited
about that there's that'll be cool and then I also want to mention the southern fried game room Expo
also in the Atlanta area where Bobby Black Wolf is based we are sponsoring the southern fried
gaming expo which is coming up in mid-august so if you are in the Atlanta area I would encourage
you to check out that as well they are taking precautions for kovin spacing games out a little
more and they usually do and things like that so you know if you feel so I'm not that's why I'm
also like you must come to dragon caught no if you if you're not feeling it then don't it's fine
I understand everybody's got their own comfort level yeah I got you but next year hopefully we
can have that conversation that would be great actually next year probably not because I've got
derpy con it's the same weekend no but I have to management I'm off sure you have to pick yeah I
get it I get it yeah because the other thing is that I'm actually hope hopefully gonna try twitch
con next year I'd love to do twitch con again yeah I hope that does come back I hope I hope
everything's safe for that to come back you know speaking on they go to yeah I've been into a
convention and actually I I went to a gaming convention locally here not that long ago but
I haven't been to an actual convention a bigger convention for I don't even know I'm ears probably
when we all went to Pax Oh eight maybe my last con was drag con in 2019 my last yeah mine would
have been again Kanye my last nerd like gaming whatever convention would have been gamer X
ah the Star Trek I am never going to drag con again by the way unless they fix a lot of their
bullshit um Oh magfest I wanted to bring up to because I heard the dates for that came out and
people been asking me about that I don't have a hotel so it's not in the cards right now for me
to go could I try to work something out and go maybe but I kind of feel like I I think I'm only
gonna spend that kind of money to go out to magfest if I can somehow be involved with the
con like doing panels or something that is in my skill set I think that's the only way I would I
would consider it but I am not faced with some of the same challenges I used to have I didn't go to
magfest for years because I couldn't swing the time off with work I am at a different place now
and I'm in a different role where I and because of the pandemic I've saved up a lot of time off
so yeah that is not my challenge anymore but money and those types of things are playing into it so
there's that it yeah I don't know if you're probably in the same boat but I'm hitting hit
my cap on vacation hours I have to keep taking time off because otherwise I lose that time being
earned yeah yeah it's just um as far as like traveling out and spending that kind of money
to go out to conventions at this point I really only want to do that for conventions that I'm
gonna have some sort of involvement in like that's and I think I think it's my money I can choose to
draw the line there I will do more local drivable things in this area and that drivable is a lot I
could I could drive to Portland I could drive to I could probably drive to Vegas I could drive to
LA like that's all kind of in my driving range so I'm open to those types of conventions just like
as a you know fan attendee sort of basis but yeah I I probably will not be traveling to conventions
a lot unless I'm involved with them um all right let's see let's move on we want to get into some
news so let's start with Loki and our gaming news this week I mean this is not a big surprise
obviously we're not expecting Nintendo to announce a you know switch I mean some people are expecting
a brand new switch Pro or something like that but just to you know I guess reinforce the fact that
listen they're not announcing anything they're basically saying right now at this time there's
no other switch model coming well I guess there's maybe firmly saying that there's no other model
coming at this time other than the switch OLED model that's it they're not gonna be announcing
anything which I mean obviously they're not gonna say well we've got an announcement coming but we
can't tell you about it like obviously they're gonna play dumb until they finally announce
whatever they're gonna announce when they want to announce it so it's not I'm not surprised that
they're affirming this but basically they said that listen other than the switch OLED that's
gonna be coming in October this year we've got no switch Pro to announce which obviously makes
sense with the hardware shortages or the chip shortages and all that stuff but they just wanted
to let you know stop speculating you know they'll tell you when they have something to tell you
uh yeah I I wonder if this means that the switch Pro is kind of like not a thing and now we'll be
talking about a successor to the switch at this point I mean probably at that point like whatever
they decide to do that and who knows how long this hardware shortage or chip shortage is gonna
go so by that time it could be another system there's also that part of me that's very skeptical
because I'm like well Nintendo has to say this or they're not gonna sell OLED switches you know they
can't yeah they can't say well we got something else coming soon but you should drop 350 bucks
on this first you know they can't really do that so you know I do take some of this with a grain
of salt but I think it is very likely due to the chip shortages due to you know the nature of the
world and all this stuff that maybe there just isn't gonna be a switch Pro that this that all
gets looped into the switch's successor maybe we get the switch's successor earlier than planned
because the switch Pro is not going to be there to extend the life or whatever but I kind of think
that's where this ends up at this point yeah I mean it was just like the OLED stuff I mean they
they're not gonna announce it until they're ready to announce it even if it's something that's being
in the works and I mean I don't know they're probably gonna try to wait until some big game
that they can kind of tie it with yeah so you know Breath of the Wild 2 or you know Metroid Prime 4
or something like that I mean it's gonna be something like that and who knows who knows
that Breath of the Wild 2 gets delayed I mean we don't know we've only seen like a couple trailers
so it it very well could be an announcement that they make around that time whatever that happens
you know closer to when those games are releasing so it's just you got to understand you're playing
by Nintendo's rules yeah you're just gonna have to wait okay unless you know someone hacks their
emails again and all that information leaks out but like until until that happens you know you're
just gonna have to wait be patient or in triad suggests Mario Odyssey 2 that would be a good one
how about Luigi's Odyssey how about Waluigi's Odyssey when surprise like after all of the
complaining and whining about that stuff that Waluigi never made it into Smash Bros oh they
haven't announced the last character yet there's one more they already did no there's one more
character to go it's gonna be another Dragon Quest character or something still they're gonna fit
another was it Fire Emblem character in there it's gonna be another one they're just gonna
in there I feel it's it's so interesting because like most of the like internet rabble are like
things way out there like you know Master Chief gets added to the game or thing and then it's
like it's that or it's Waluigi Waluigi as doom guy all right I'll do Weegee yeah let's talk about
Final Fantasy 14 this is a game I play way too much of and it's going through some changes they
are getting a huge influx of people in Final Fantasy 14 which is weird because they're not
it's just existing right now there's a they're actually in the pre-expansion lol and Walker
doesn't come out until what November so there's there's like nothing big going on in Final Fantasy
14 now but there's a variety of things going on and and I don't even like a lot of people go oh
the Wow patch you know made everybody jump ship I'm not even sure it's just that like that may
have been the marble that starts the avalanche sort of thing but I feel like there's a lot of
other factors where people maybe the pandemic plays into this too I don't but this is like
all these people are signing into Final Fantasy 14 now and look I've been playing the game ever
since alpha so I fuck I survived 1.0 okay that's how long I've been playing obviously for you I
should have a shirt I survived 1.0 um and it's it's it's a great game welcome glad y'all could
make it but it's it's interesting that it's going through all this right now and now Kiyoshita who's
the producer director of the game actually wrote this very interesting kind of like blog post about
the thing one thing he didn't say this in the blog post be said it in an interview he actually
called out and said you know don't come I'm paraphrasing because I don't have the exact
quote in front of me but it's basically like don't shit on Wow to raise up Final Fantasy 14
because a lot of what's in this game the influence comes from Wow I thought that was very polite of
him to do like he didn't have to say that but he did and I thought that was very very nice and
polite but I also think the way that the developers of this game connect with their community they're
doing a fantastic job of that that I don't think Wow or any other game in its current form really
comes close to what they're doing over at Square Enix and creative unit 3 so just my thoughts
there on that but anyhow um now Kiyoshita said the game is so popular that players in North America
and Europe are having problems getting in making characters on the servers they want because a
server congestion so he spelled out here are the plans here's the things we're gonna do to fix this
here's what we're doing you know we're gonna be boosting some things here but it's not just as
easy as like upping a switch sometimes so one other thing they did they actually put out a
patch that will boot characters from the game for being idle so if you are sitting there idle for
30 minutes you will be booted from the game this is interesting because it caused a response of
people to basically like you know oh but I like just sitting there and seeing the world of 14
sometimes and I like some of the shit that goes on if all fancy 14 that really has nothing to do
with the game like the the people that will be dancing in certain areas of the bards that will
be singing certain songs and stuff like people are into that so is it now you should have put
out another statement that was basically like that's not I didn't say you had to log out and
stop doing those things we love that you do those things continue to do those things it's just we
need some precautionary measures because of what the game is going through right now so if you're
like doing literally nothing you're gonna get logged out after 30 minutes but don't feel like
you have to log out because you're not actively playing the game if that makes sense I thought
this is very interesting that he had to put out two statements don't people understand like servers
I mean like seriously if you have like so many players on the server like you can't just idle
there like people are trying to get in or like even the very least it's gonna be server latency
like I get it that you like you enjoy the world that's cool you know what other people might like
to enjoy the world as well and with all you people just sitting around that might make it pretty
taxing and hard for people to actually be able to log in and enjoy that same world with you it's
like come on other people there than yourself you can also enjoy the world by you know walking
around in it exactly how many enjoy more than just the world that's right around your character
how about yeah you walk around a little bit take a walk you know and I see the side only stop like
if I had to go to the bathroom or really wanted to listen to the old music which was really it
oh I like the old music I'm gonna listen to it for a while oops I'm lost well that's why they did 30
minutes 30 minutes is not unreasonable anyways I don't know if I see I don't play Final Fantasy
14 so I don't know if there's anything that like you can afk to farm something or something like
that but like that's not unreasonable like 30 minutes that's that's more than enough time to
like if you want to go grab a meal or something like that and come back but like even then like
log out or something like you can do a lot of pooping in 30 minutes you shouldn't need to be
that long yeah and with the right with the right hardware like the steam you know like maybe that
steam console or something like that you might not even need the log out they'll do the pooping I
mean you can just take it with you but like it's still it's not unreasonable like I don't understand
why people would be getting upset about that like it's like listen we could have made it much
shorter like 30 minutes is I think that's more than fair yeah I think so too it's but the
expectations for the next expansion boy oh boy I I'm I'm worried that the next expansion like if
they're having these problems now you know like an interesting thing about it Square Enix didn't
project this they couldn't like they they couldn't know that this was gonna happen that it's getting
this popular just like what seemingly out of the blue so it's it's they've got to be in panic mode
about this expansion I got it boy oh boy but they'll figure it out they always do all right
um let's see hey Tay plays games and chat says don't go on tick-tock while pooping 30 minutes
will fly by yeah be careful about these uh you're taking the switch and the the steam deck and all
that stuff anyway all right let's move on get into start calling it taking a steaming deck you know
dark Sakura quick change the topic dark soccer you're muted just you know a hard meet on discord
I know cuz I was eating oak and now I'm not I want more of the delicious meat product Dan slow
cooked Dan actually uh we have a smoker he spoke to try tip oh yum I'm coming over okay
slices left in their mind anyway back to the Olympics you know we've had a lot of video
games come from the Olympics we've you know like so much has been inspired by it and in you know
in the world of gaming but when have we ever had video game music played in the Olympics
so the opening ceremonies on Friday began with certain video game songs there was a
Sonic the Hedgehog used in there the main Final Fantasy theme it's it's pretty awesome you know
of course you know the gaming industry is is really you know a big part of the Japanese
economy and it would make sense that they would pay tribute to that I think in the opening
ceremonies I think that's really awesome and a good thing about video game music and I like
this point that was was made about it is that it's not like it's pop music you know where it's just
you know it's there to be a good bop to listen to it you know but it's there to play in with
your experience with the game that you're playing and in that case it works very well
I would say within opening ceremony program hmm I didn't see the opening ceremonies admittedly I
just you know that's that's a large commitment of time but I'm glad that the the talents of
video game music composers are being shown on the main stage like that even though I know it's a
weird Olympics this year like there's a lot of people that are like why are the Olympics
happening there's a lot of people in Japan the host nation they're like why are the Olympics
happening right now but it is what it is it's on the world stage for folks to hear oh there's some
other things on here like the first notes of the Olympics were from born a new which is the first
movement of the final fight a Final Fantasy 13 hmm but I mean not everyone is gonna know it that
well but I mean there was also stuff from Monster Hunter Kingdom Hearts near replicant some India
walked out to frogs theme from Chrono Trigger that's good music I mean it's really like triumphant
music I just think that it's absolutely awesome you know and it'll be definitely worth a watch
we'll have to see what happens at the closing ceremonies cuz they'll probably be some stuff
there too so keep an eye on that darted darted suya says I thought it was all really cool the
most surprising one to me was not just Gradius but the weapon select menu music from Gradius
too that's pretty cool oh yeah SSG 100 Matt says I wonder if a figure skater used gaming music at
some point that's where my brain yeah I was like there had to have been a figure skater that's used
that type of music for sure there there's actually a professional figure skater meaning
non-competitive who did like a whole Sailor Moon thing and change I mean it's not oh I've seen
that yeah yeah yeah I yeah yeah um there were there's also gymnasts who have used video game
music as part of their floor exercise yeah that's yeah all right um and DJ Romas says there was also
a song played during the opening ceremonies that was a nod to Digimon adventures Bolero de Ravel
I love Digimon. I love Japanese Digimon. Yeah and SSG 100 Matt talking about figure skating says I
feel like someone used the halo theme I think you're right I think that was I remember that
being a thing yeah yeah so pretty neat all right um let's move on Loki all right so going back to
Nintendo apparently you know with the the death of the Wii U and 3ds they are now gonna be
suspending the use of credit cards on the Japanese 3ds and Wii U e-shops starting January 18 2022 I
could have sworn those e-shops are already down but apparently not yet but they're gonna be
discontinuing the use of cards on there apparently all other aspects of the 3ds and Wii U shops will
remain functional so you can still buy games and download already purchased titles but payments
can be done through like e-shop cards and stuff like that that's not really a big surprise I
seriously thought this is already taken care of and then along with that though they're saying
that the ending there is a rumor that the they're gonna stop taking submissions for new 3ds and Wii
U e-shop games as of April 2022 so kind of similar to what happened with some of these other you
know marketplaces where they kind of discontinue them and you can't put games out on there so that
may be happening April 1st which would be I guess that the end of this fiscal year so interesting
we'll we'll see if that actually happens but once again already thought this happened so this is
kind of like news but like really it hasn't happened yet yeah but then of course it also
leads to that discussion about like you know that what happens when these stores go down then it's
like this especially we're talking about the Wii U which still has some virtual console stuff that
the switch doesn't have right like it doesn't have a lot of virtual yeah like earthbound and
earthbound zero are kind of the big ones that think Super Mario RPG was on there too wasn't
it I might be wrong but there's a lot of stuff that you know still is an RPG it's an RPG though
on the switch though Super Mario RPG no yeah no sure yes that's the one everybody thought it was
wait me oh you know I think I'm no you're right you're right I'm thinking of the the classic
system that has Super Mario RPG yes yes the classic system did you're right I got them
confused no worries so why isn't that on there yet I mean come on they've already licensed it
for the classic system you and every other Nintendo fan on Twitter once the answer to
that question they're not selling those anymore I mean like why not like I don't understand what
the holdup is yeah I don't know either all right and I don't know why they won't put this game on
more than just mobile phones I'm talking of course about the Final Fantasy pixel remaster although
there are some some waves some things this week making us think maybe it could come to other
platforms because you know speaking of the switch I think there's a lot of people that would like to
see the Final Fantasy pixel remaster on the switch at least if not you know some other places it is
coming to steam as well though I should say so you know there's always a steam deck if nothing else
and all those other you know magical things that they have there so I'm having a problem getting
this story live whoops there we go okay there was a Japanese Q&A where Square Enix actually talked a
little bit about Final Fantasy 1 through 6 and they were talking about that they wanted to renew
the games with the same standard but make it better for first-time players and folks that
are returning to the series as well right it's kind of the stuff you would expect them to say
it was also mentioned that Kazuko Shibuya who worked on numerous Final Fantasy games is
recreating the character art for the remasters that's an important point it wasn't like outsourced
or sent to you know people that aren't involved with Final Fantasy or what have you like the other
remasters apparently were so the ones that they're gonna be actually pulling Nobuo Imatsu is
supervising the music and rearrangements so that's nice too I hope that all turns out well and these
remasters are being released on July 28th whereas 4 through 6 are coming soon we don't know exactly
when those will be happening so there is that yeah but if there's enough demand they might
actually make that for other consoles as well consider me demanding it Dr. Suya says I mean I
hope it does but like did Squeenix not see the reaction to their announcement and how it wasn't
announced for consoles like at all oh I'm sure they saw it and maybe that's why we're starting
to hear some of the cracks there about well it might happen maybe as Suya and her to Matt saying
they're saying be prepared to pay for it twice but if they put it on other platforms I'll buy
Final Fantasy 5 pixel remaster twice yeah I think there's a lot of us that would have no I mean if
you are gonna buy any of these you're probably buying the game for the second third maybe fourth
time a game like Final Fantasy has a cartridge yeah a game like Final Fantasy 6 shit I don't
want to think about how many times I probably bought that game I do have the cartridge and
I'll buy the remaster when it's not on mobile when it when it's on the switch or you know
somewhere I want to play it moving on dark soccer well while we've been in quarantine at various
levels there has been a company that has seen an increase in their business and that's Peloton you
know with their little like on-screen coaches and whatnot now they want to enter video games
our pal melody is obsessed with that thing and keeps trying to get me to get one and I'm like
I'm not supporting them oh oh I'd like to hear more on that all right there are it's a more of
they don't know the right audience thing so okay but anyway there want to bring in like an in-app
video game that is currently called lane break it could be subject to change it's in beta testing
right now actually it will be in beta testing later this year and they want it to launch in
early 2022 you can listen to the music that you want to hear in the game and choose your difficulty
level and win points and it's considered they say a music-based experience so basically as it
goes through is that you have to change your cadence and resistance levels to meet these
different goals and everything I you can control your avatar and move them on the racetrack it
looks like it's some kind of racing or marathoning kind of game but I don't know that there's also
another note on there that they're also thinking of going into the wearables market with like a
digital heart rate armband and stuff like that I don't know they their stock fell like 22% last
year but they were up 7% um you know last week so who knows I'll be curious to see how they kind of
maintain that because like now that people are going back to the gym and stuff how that kind of
sustains my work gym again oh well yeah yeah cuz now a lot of things seem to be regressing a little
bit so could be could be that the big gyms end up closing too but we'll see we'll see I kind of
don't think they will I don't think I don't think they're gonna close businesses again I just I don't
have I don't have room for this shit in my house need for this shit I own a bicycle I just have to
get the tires fixed on it yeah my bicycle is really adorable and awesome I have gym equipment
in my front room you don't need to have a gym membership or buy expensive items like this to
to get a health benefit and if you've got you know I've still got your ring fit don't I mm-hmm
mm-hmm I'll actually play it someday remember I injured my back though so I had to quit all of my
workouts you've seen those at the store and I'm like maybe I'm waiting for a sale I think I'm
just gonna get one yeah all right still have lots of those gaming watches I've been every time I go
to Target I always check to see if they have them left and there's still a bunch of them left they're
down the $49.99 so way too much I'll wait for another price cut find me a shell plushie because
I got my Octorock in the background I need a blue shell to go with him so I can throw it at Dan
alright Loki what else do we have so they did a brief EA play presentation this week which no I
don't think is like kind of like their equivalent of like their e3 type coverage but it was a few
announcements so the big one obviously is the tease of the remake of Dead Space which looks
pretty cool some other neat things battlefield 2042 is gonna have a brand new mode called portal
which is going to allow folks to create like really custom match types and so everything
from like literally bringing in soldiers and stuff from other games from other battlefield
games so you can do like World War two versus like future tech stuff and all sorts of crazy
different combinations of things so that looks pretty fun and allow people to actually script
different things they're gonna have like visual scripting in there as well to create these custom
matches so that that sounds interesting very intriguing along with that though there's also
this brand new indie game that they were showing off called it was the was it something of random
lost in random which looked pretty awesome kind of like almost like a Tim Burton-esque
type game so that's going to be coming as well from the developers of Fae and that's out in
September and then last but not least they also showed off grid legends which is pretty cool and
even has like live action sections in as well for their single player campaign that said though that
I understand it's a different company but like I still have a bad taste of the mouth from
the live action stuff from the lat what was it one of the need for speed games that they had
oh yeah it was just it was it was ultimate cringe it was kind of like hey look we're
trying to be fast and the furious and it was just like and this was kind of like
still cringy but not the same but like I don't know but I'm sure it's a solid racing game you
know maybe there's a skip past the cutscene stuff that would be nice but yeah it lots of
neat things coming out yeah it's hard to think about other racing games when we know there's
a new Forza Horizon coming this year but yeah why not there's room for everybody let's just say that
all right plus if you like Battlefield games or at least to kind of get a little bit interested
in Battlefield 24 2 they're actually partnering right now with Amazon for like some Amazon game
stuff where they're giving away like Battlefield 1 like right now I know through Twitch they're
doing that if you have Prime so Battlefield 1 is available now and then they're also going to be
I think doing Battlefield 5 is also going to be available soon as well so check on those if you
your notifications on Twitch and see if you have that all right well let's move on to another
console that we haven't really I know we've brought it up before we haven't talked a lot
about it but there is a new console on its way and it's called the playdate I don't know if you
know this one but you probably if you see it you know because it has the little crank that's kind
of what makes it unique it's a it's a video game system that you can crank it's a portable game
system we just so you can play it during the middle of a disaster yeah well I don't think
it's powered by the crank no the crank is just one extra way to uh play play the game it's an
extra type of controller ridiculous I you know I know some people that are like I feel like this
thing is going to have a bit of a cult following because I know some people that are like super
into this and I think the fact that it is very fiercely indie is very appealing to some people
this doesn't have you know um the the Nintendo the Playstation the Microsoft or whatever behind it
and people are actually like super into that uh that it's a fiercely indie thing but we did find
out we uh some more info about the console and that is that you're going to be able to pre-order
them uh starting this week on the 29th 1 p.m eastern 10 a.m pacific the pre-orders go up it
will be 179 dollars if you want to get a purple protective cover for the handheld that will be 29
dollars uh and if you want to get the bundle that's just shy of 200 there's also going to be
a stereo dock but that isn't ready for pre-orders yet that's just something they're working on in
the future they're going to make around 20 000 of these that will ship by the end of the year
and then subsequent orders will start in 2022 they are also reassuring that the play date will
not sell out you will just have to wait in line so you may not get yours until 2022 you will have
to pay for this up front but panic does the company behind it says that you can cancel this
at any time it is limited to certain countries so if you're not in like the us canada you know
australia you might want to look into is this available in your country uh sorry mike deft
i'm already looking and mexico doesn't appear to be on the list i'm sorry but maybe in the near
future um so yeah as if all that wasn't enough uh the company behind the playdate panic will be doing
a podcast an official podcast starting next week that is going to give more information about the
console so i i like there was something where like the crank involved time so you could move time
forward or backward and that was kind of like the the puzzle game with it i thought that was yeah
that was one game it's a very nintendo-y thing it's a very nintendo-y thing to be like we have
this idea on how games should be played and now we want these games to involve it it's all black
and white too it's yeah yeah it's very uh throwback in that way so uh dgerama s though is asking where
is the kf's console remember that the kfc uh console that was i think they released that
and let's be real it's it's not a console it's just a fucking pc in a it's a easy case with
where the case has a piece cut out where you can put chicken because computers get hot that's
it's it's a brilliant marketing thing and that's it like the kfc computer console thing it's not
going to cook your chicken it's not going to make your home chicken taste like kfc uh just you know
it's it's a meme that's gone out of control that is what the kf console is at this point
it is a meme that's gone out of control all right
let's travel back to a simpler time when we didn't we didn't even know
what memes were they were meemies with our next segment
and now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where i'll dive into the vault
and pull out a classic and tell you about it it's time for the classic game of the week
and a very uh theme appropriate pick this week dark soccer what did you pick
and we're not hearing dark soccer i don't know if the mute button is coming into play again it is
because i was eating meat that's all right um so the game i have chosen i will use the japanese
name first hyper olympic also known in the us as track and field um it is an olympic themed
sports game it was developed by konami and released in 1983 for arcades um and the uh japanese
one actually did legitimately have an official license for the 1984 summer olympics um in europe
the game was originally released as a hyper olympic and then was re-released under the u.s
title uh track and field in 1984 so um the game is uh it's very simple you have uh two run buttons
later unit units had a trackball because the buttons would just break from overuse and an
action button um and you had uh a few different events six events you had a hundred meter dash
you had a long jump you had a javelin throw uh 110 meter hurdles the hammer throw
please hammer don't hurt him and the high jump um in each event you have to qualify if you uh
don't qualify then you lose a life um and then your game will end when you're out um you can
earn extra lives per every uh hundred thousand points that you uh score um the game can uh
take up to four players um who would compete in pairs um if there are fewer
than four then the remaining ones are played by the computer um and uh it's it's just it
was a very interesting game when it came out and there's a little bit more like behind this um
there were also some uh different tricks um because of how the game responds to the
run button being pressed at a high frequency um when you played in the arcade there were
different tricks like rapidly uh swiping a coin or a ping pong ball over the buttons
or using a metal ruler which was repeatedly struck so that it would vibrate on the buttons
and so there were lots of damage to the buttons and then they had to modify them so that it
wouldn't make people wouldn't do that so um when hyper olympic was introduced it was at the
tokyo music machine uh tokyo's amusement machine show i can say words i promise
um in september 1983 now this was at the time the big trend was laserdisc games
and the thing is that this particular game beat out all the big laserdisc games that were were out
as probably one of the the top ones of the games uh top one of the of the series um there were
comparisons drawn to activision decathlon that it came out the month earlier um but
that didn't stop it from being popular um for the u.s um it actually was licensed to centuri
for north american distribution but um since atari had been chosen as the official olympic
sponsor they couldn't keep the name hyper olympics so they changed it to track and field and so this
was introduced at the amusement and amusement and music operators association show the amoa
in october 1983 and again laserdisc games were really the big thing there but it ended up
uh pretty much taking the show um lots of people really enjoyed it and thought it was the best
thing there so as for um various ports um konami licensed the north american home version to atari
um they uh initially ported it to the atari 2600 and 8-bit computers and then um there
were versions for apple 2 and commodore 64 under atari soft there's a port for the atari 5200 that
was uh supposed to come out but it was cancelled um and it was pretty much just like the 8-bit
version um and it was the 2600 version was one of the first games to use atari super chip technology
that enhanced the graphics and gameplay to better than what was previously available
um konami ported track and field as hyper olympic to the famicom and it only had four of the events
um and then they also converted hyper sports to famicom um which had uh three hyper sports
events and one event from uh from hyper olympics um and then konami retooled the game to be ported
in america by including all eight events in the cartridge so what we have is track and field on
ness um has uh certain games from hyper track or some stages from hyper track and from hyper
olympic um we have the original six from uh from hyper olympic except the hammer throw is missing
in its place they have added skeet shooting archery and a triple jump there uh were zx
spectrum and amstrad cpc version but they were released as part of the game set match 2 compilation
in 1988 and of course hated it they weren't really considered all that great um the nest version of
track and field was re-released in europe in 1992 is track and field in barcelona by chemco uh for
the 1992 summer olympics um the opening song for the nest version uh was chariots of fire
and it was also used in the arcade versions uh a high screen a high score screen as for its
reception um in japan game machine magazine listed track and field as their december 1983
uh issued the most successful new arcade unit of the month it topped japan's table arcade cabinet
charts in january 1984 the game sold 38 000 units in japan by the end of 1983 um it was a big hit in
the us as well it topped uh upright cabinet charts in 1980 in february 1984 may 1984 became one of
the highest grossing one of the top five highest grossing arcade machines in 1984 in europe it was
the highest uh grossing arcade game in 1984 uh actually in the uk um in 1984 um it was uh one of
the cautions about it is that it's a great game but you'll cramp your finger for the home versions
um it's also was uh listed as one of the top 100 games of all time in the 1996 issue of next
generation um as for its impact um it wasn't the first olympic game uh that came out it was
preceded by olympic decathlon in 1980 and then activisions decathlon in august 1983 but um it
spawned a lot of other olympic video games afterwards ocean software uh took that format and
used in daily thompson's decathlon uh 1984 epics um released a multi-event collection called summer
games and then summers summer games 2 dynamic um there was a video olympic for the zx spectrum in
1984 stadium events for the nest in 1986 um and then sports games became more popular after track
and field's release um they actually hadn't had too many since the days of pong uh maybe a few
um and one other interesting thing uh kishimoto uh yoshino uh yoshihiro of uh namco stated that
track and field was the biggest influence on the side scrolling game packland in 1984 a lot
of the controls were heavily influenced by track and field um and it let you become faster by
tapping the buttons in succession he thought the idea was interesting and would make packland stand
out um so as far as other re-releases um well actually there have been a lot of sequels there
was hyper sports track and field 2 hyper olympic 2 for the msx konami 88 in the arcade track and
field 2 for nest track and field for gameboy international track and field i'm just gonna
name names uh nagano winter olympics 98 um n64 playstation arcade uh international track and
field 2000 espn international track and field konami sports series for mobile phones new
international track and field for uh the ds uh hypersports winter for uh for ios um hyper
sports track and field also for uh ios um and then there were re-releases in the form of konami
classic series arcade hits for the ds um it had to alter the chariot sapphire theme for licensing
um it was part of the konami gameboy collection series xbox live arcade had a version that was
released on xbox 260 august 8th 20 uh 2007 with updated graphics audio leaderboard online play
and it sold 297 307 uh copies as of 2011 there uh were competitions um the world record was
originally set december 18 2008 by hector rodriguez um with a score of 95 350 points
and he beat out the previous record of 95 040 points which was a 23 year old record set on june
30th 1985 by kelly kobashigawa of new york um for the twin galaxy's 1985 video game masters
tournament um and the other now this is interesting to me um there uh for the uh 1984 march of dimes
international konami slash centurion track and field challenge um this was held at aladdin's
castle guess who's first well actually second arcade gig was at an aladdin's castle this bitch
um so there we go uh so our game is hyper olympic slash track and field
all right and this is one uh i remember playing but uh it it hurts like the buttons and smashing
them as much as you had to in this game it was it was a talent i think to do that
so all right there it is your classic game oh so answer dart tutsia yes i believe that pyramid
head was in the ds1 i do remember that because i think that was the thing we talked about on
the show years ago yeah yeah because i remember it was like what the hell does he do in the
in the track and field game but who cares it's funny all right there it is i mean he does get
around he's in dead by daylight he's in other silent hill games that have nothing to do with
the mythology he appeared because he was supposed to be james cinderland's like interest in
punishing himself yeah go fig um and wasn't he also in like one of the konami racing games
uh probably yeah yeah hey that p-hitty gets around uh-huh all right uh let's uh go around
the world quickly and uh check out some rapid fire news some other headlines uh in the gaming
industry loki yeah so um apparently we're getting vendetta as part of the arcade archives uh so
that's the old uh konami i guess it's like a beat-em-up type game interesting um so that'll
be coming out soon and then uh it's uh yeah on playstation 4 and into the switch eight dollars
it looks like and then this is i i konami you gotta let frogger go stop pushing frogger but
apparently there is a frogger tv show coming that i completely forgot about i know we've talked
about it though and uh damon wayan jr is gonna be um hosting that which man he is a spinny
spitting image of his father um haven't you ever seen happy endings he's in that show and that's
one of the funniest shows i've ever seen it's so good it's so good no i i'm sure he's hilarious
but uh i'm just i i'm guessing the frogger tv show is just gonna be a wipeout game i mean it
looks like a wipeout game so i guess i'm fine with that but just let frog die please if the games are
not great the old frog were good every other game that came after frogger not good tv show
probably all right so before we get to was okay before we get to dark sakura's uh headlines i
want to read this comment from chat because uh talking about a pyramid head in the track and
field game apparently we did cover this on episode number 244 of orange lounge radio look at you guys
you're on fire and we did our um silly little listless game we used to do a lot on the show
but we we haven't done it in a while because we haven't had as many guests in the studio and all
that stuff maybe someday we'll bring it back uh but um we did a list list which is that whole
little game we play to determine the top three so we actually listless what character would we'd
like to see in new international track and field so uh number three was dracula from castlevania
okay i think we had to keep it to konami games so it's number three was dracula from castlevania
number two was mr spanky the infamous uh ddr pc add-on character you'll have to google that one
and then number one was the last used to do that voice i used to and then number one was uh the
left ddr arrow from uh ddr i don't know where that came from the left arrow but that was the number
one that uh uh answer that uh oh my god we still have the mr spanky page on our wiki oh i'm sure
there's lots of old jokes on the wiki that's for sure i'm gonna put it in chat all right mr spanky
was one of those i i would i wanted i wish i could have been in that meeting where they were
discussing mr spanky and adding them to the game yes i'm gonna make it i'm gonna make uh a chat
icon of mr spanky i think you know we do still need some icons for vog but i guess we shouldn't
take them all over yeah no you should take mr spanky for your channel i don't i don't think
i'd be able to talk no i wasn't gonna do it for me i was gonna do it for vog oh i don't know if
i can talk bobbie into that betty and mr spanky but uh yeah mr spanky's uh a bit of a meme uh
at this point here on olr so i love that um yeah and and you may not know this but there is a whole
orange lounge radio wiki which you can get to at um i guess it moves i guess there's no more
wikia is a thing of the past and it's all fandom now fandom yeah yeah so it's orange lounge radio
fandom.com is where you can find the wiki for that so check that out okay um dark sakura we
we were gonna get to your headlines before we got derailed by mr spanky that's mr spanky um so uh
nintendo switch online has shown some new snus games coming out for the uh update on the 28th
of this month um claymates uh jelly boy and bomboozle are out there honestly the only of
those games i think i've played was claymates um and then uh there's not gonna be any it looks like
there's not any uh ness uh ones coming out just us ness so at least hey playmates right who cares
okay um and kind of it's like it's like the the money python and they were forced to eat robin's
minstrels there was much rejoicing yay but in japan yes that yes exactly that that's the reaction
we're forced to eat robin's minstrels yay anyway um in japan however though they're getting some
some cool shit they are getting um uh uh bomboozle just like we are but they're also getting
shin Megami tensei if and dead dance we got dead dance over here is tough enough
they had like the worst cover of all but um but i mean still probably a better game than
some of those others but i mean but uh but i mean i'm i think it's pretty good to get a shin Megami
tensei game yeah i still need to send bobby my copy of soul hackers i have two copies of soul
hackers all right um also stop asking me about cookies the answer's always no stupid thing
chocolate chip peanut butter sugar i actually i actually got a candle at target and i'll put it
on the camera in a minute but it says uh site cookies may help perform uh cook these cookies
serve to enhance the performance of your computer or something and then me same
it was kind of cute it smells like cookies anyway um so for people who are still playing pokemon go
and i'm looking at mike um you can look right over here too well yeah but um
pokemon goes august uh community day event will feature eevee
again again if you evolve eevee into any of its evolutions starting from friday august 13th to
monday august 16th it will learn a special attack evolving eevee into silveon will also require
fewer hearts than usual i actually do have all of my eevee i believe it's pronounced eeveelutions
no that's only the only the internet says that
so anyway the special moves that you're that you can get are uh for vaporeon you get scald
jolteon get zap cannon flareon gets superpower uh espeon gets shadow ball umbreon gets psychic
letheon gets bullet seed glaceon gets water pulse and silveon gets sigh shock
and then there's a whole bunch of other crap that's going to happen um you can also get a
one-time community day uh box you can spend 1280 coins on and it will give you 50 ultra balls five
incense uh elite fast tm and elite charge tm um there will be more eevees around um snapshots will
give you more surprises uh lure modules will last for three hours and incense will also last for
three hours and then if you pay a dollar you can access the eevee community day special research
story what you choose to be i'm okay with this one repeating because uh i want to grind the excel
candy uh that is uh one thing about and i think this one's across two days so i want to be able
to get a level 50 uh i have a 100 vaporeon so i really want to get them to level 50 but i find
that silveon is a very effective uh raid pokemon as well and uh as mike deaf says in chat the only
attacks that are actually worth a dam are umbreons and silveons and that's the thing they're doing
better this time is that it's the eeveelutions that are getting the special move and not the
base eevee like why give base eevee a special move you're not going to use base eevee in like
raids and stuff so i like that they're doing that differently this time so um as far as repeats go
it could have been a lot worse but i think we have to get used to the idea there are going to
be repeat days uh this game is five years old so you know it is what it is all right let's travel
around the world and check out some release dates and some things you could be playing sooner than
eevee community today if you want let's start in the us loki yeah so this week we've got a few
games the great ace attorney chronicles on pc and nintendo switch playstation 4
neo the world ends with you now you're able to play it when everybody else is supposed to play
it not early that's on nintendo switch and playstation 4 as well microsoft flight simulator
on xbox series x i'm sure a lot of people are excited about that samurai warriors 5 on pc
nintendo switch playstation 4 and xbox one tribes of midgard on pc playstation 4 playstation 5
we have a Chernobyl yet was it looks like Chernobyl light turn i don't know how to
pronounce that but it's got Chernobyl in the name that's on pc um unbound worlds apart on pc as well
the ascent on pc xbox one xbox series x blaster master zero three on pc nintendo switch playstation
4 xbox one and xbox series x the blaster master zero trilogy metaphyte chronicle on nintendo
switch and playstation 4 fuga melodies of steel on pc nintendo switch playstation 4 at playstation
5 xbox one and xbox series x omno on pc nintendo switch playstation 4 and xbox one and we've got
paint town red on pc nintendo switch playstation 4 playstation 5 xbox one xbox series x that's it
all right traveling to japan and looking at the releases over there on july 27th for the nintendo
switch neo the world ends with you comes out in japan on july 27th uh also on july 29th that
blaster master zero trilogy i'm really excited about that that is out on the switch they get a
limited edition if you want with a soundtrack and a um like art book so which most limited
editions are pretty much at this point but uh yeah i love that japan gets all these limited
editions so there is that to look forward to this week as well uh shin haryagami 3 is out on the
switch the great ace attorney chronicles is also out this week uh quite a bit of overlap there
susano uh japanese mythology rpg is out this week as well on the switch and i think that's it for
the switch let me look at the playstation 5 um i think it's a little slower there's some uh
accessories third-party accessories but no big games this week and i think the playstation 4 is
mostly the same stuff we already heard on the uh switch yeah that same blaster master trilogy
ace attorney and so forth i'm not oh ark ultimate survivor edition oh that game the uh online ark
game i don't have some i have some friends that are really into that but japan is getting some
sort of ps4 release like the ultimate survivor edition that must come with a bunch of in-game
crap uh and the game on a disc that is out this week in japan how about the uk dark sakura um we
have on the 27th uh neo the world ends with you um the rest are all on the 30th we have tribes of
midgard busta fellows um song of horror fear the pestilence um that actually looks interesting
vampire the masquerade coteries of new york and shadows of new york um we also have yonder the
cloud catcher chronicles and theme park simulator all right that's it let's get into some more
stories and then uh later in the show you know what we did an experiment last week and it worked
pretty well so i think tonight if you want to call into the show we'll be taking calls from
the green room so uh you can have the green room in our discord vog network.com discord and uh we'll
take calls later in the show but for now let's get into some more stories loki in more news that's
not really surprising um steam is planning on replacing big picture mode with the steam deck ui
i mean makes sense because i mean look at what the switch does it's basically the same ui um
and also probably i think big picture modes kind of needed a refresh for a while now so it makes
sense that there'd be that kind of standardization but that's what they're basically going to be
doing we're placing big picture mode with new ui from the deck uh we don't have an eta on that yet
but it is going to be something that's coming soon um i think that's probably a welcome change it'd
be interesting to see you know maybe that might make it more advantageous to have like you know
a steam console in the living room or something like that aside from just the handheld i don't
know cool uh bobby blackwolf is pointing out in our chat they've already changed the ui inside
steam vr so it's not like big picture mode anymore so okay they already were laying the groundwork
for this i guess cool i look forward to it yeah i think it's nice to give that a refresh because
the uh that big picture uis or i'm sorry the big picture mode's been kind of the same thing for a
long time so yeah it'll be nice and it's like we all get a little something different even if we
didn't get the steam deck so i don't know that part of it's kind of cute anyway yeah there was
word around social media this week that oh my gosh there was a playstation 4 crypto farm and some
pictures came out it was uh it was a farm that had been busted in ukraine and all these playstation
4s and the the titles were look at all this bitcoin they're mining and that's that's the thing
although it turns out can you believe it social media misstated the story can you believe it that
headline was proven to be false but i'm not sure the end result is any better to be honest it's
somehow it's actually worse uh they were farming and selling digital currency and accounts uh oh
for ea's fifa games that's right remember fifa is the biggest game in the world you might be
thinking but rob madden and i say but you the world it's not just america i said the world
so those fifa games are huge of course and we all know ea loves the microtransactions in the games
so anyway um yeah so you don't need to be regulated not at all a ukrainian news outlet
named delo reported that pcs were running bots on the consoles to play fifa and automatically
earn the in-game currency you use the coins in the ultimate team or foot f-u-t get it mode to
get like popular players or uh open the packs and get you know add-ons you all know how that works
loot boxes you know i'm not sure but does that stuff even transfer over now because i mean they
release a new game each year and i'm pretty certain that like your progress from one to
the other doesn't transfer over because they're greedy and they want to make all of the money so
yeah um so selling these accounts is of course against ea policies but that doesn't matter it
doesn't stop it from happening yeah like they're gonna stop it uh if you want to know how much
these go for and how much a farm like this could make a playstation 4 fifa 21 account with 5.1
million coins was going for 300 so um yeah don't support this by buying that stuff because it's
probably coming from a farm that looks like a cryptocurrency farm except it's just mining a
different type of currency and if ea has a way to make that 300 for them they're gonna find a way
yeah um mike defton chat says there's a rumor running around about fifa will go mobile only
next year like pes is doing yeah i heard about that so persona evolution soft soccer is going
to like e football um however i think that's a konami issue i think that's an issue where like
konami doesn't really make console games anymore uh they contract stuff out to let other people
make games but let's be real k set not a thing anymore so i think that's a big part of why
pro evolution soccer is changing and they're trying to make it sound like a good thing and um
no uh let's see uh other comments in chat um s2100 matt says each year is different nothing
transfers from year to year yeah that's for true all right uh let's keep going on dar sagra
so um we all like our google doodles right right right sometimes yeah well this one uh the uh
it's a jrpg mini game cute so it's from a studio uh four degrees c um has made like a little uh
olympics inspired uh doodle champion island games that you can just play around with on
their website it has uh artistic swimming archery climbing table tennis rugby marathon and
skateboarding and they're they're pretty neat pretty cool it looks really adorable i i want
this forever and there's animation on it too when you win a scroll there's also a ddr level
yeah i haven't really uh poked around in the google doodle but this sounds really cute uh
it sounds like sj100 matt and our chat has saying this google doodle is really cute and fun so i
guess there's hopefully it's one of those things you can access after it's over still like the
pac-man thing and some of the infamous things of uh you know google's past you know it is really
cute yeah all right sorry i don't i need to like stop playing it i pulled it up just to watch the
the intro again and yeah i wish i could download it no stop hey you never know sometimes these
google things turn into actual games uh case in point that april fool's prank that became pokemon
go that was that was in part inspired by a google april fool's prank where the pokemon were all over
the map it's crazy i am a big fan of inspect page source download all right uh let's move on uh
i know it's weird to talk about the nintendo hack sometimes um but the reality is we talk about
things that gaming culture and and stuff is talking about so we kind of put this a little
more towards the end of the show to talk a little bit about what has come up in the latest nintendo
leak right loki yeah so uh the the latest leak though is all sorts of different projects that
were apparently scrapped um one of course that i i'm kind of disappointed in a ddr mario 2 would
have been pretty awesome but there was also a metroid game as well um
um i just saw the second um second one on this list here and i'm not happy about this
i'm gonna skip that for right now no no no i think i think you should talk about it
i already know what it is
so they had this game um called there was a excite truck which is known as world's toughest race
um they say a racing game that looks like a four-wheel drive truck version of excite bike
with realistic uh oriented graphics but that's basically they already made that so that was
some yeah so that was something that they did make i thought see when i first read that i
thought these were all different games that were scrapped i'm like they had another one
they didn't make it i'm gonna have to kill somebody no you know it's more just like the
early concept of it but somebody had the bright idea to tie it back to excite bike and that's
cute that was smart um project hammer which was something that we knew about you know that was
something that they were showing off at e3 and stuff like that so makes sense tennis which ended
up being uh part of we sports at one point um obviously and then they had what else uh a metroid
game that was being developed by intelligent systems and this was to come out after prime
uh project x by retro studios which is an action game featuring sheik from zelda ocarina of time
they had a night's night's wars uh by kuju which is a fantasy based strategy game with
battalion wars assets uh super smash rose brawl they of course you know have that listed as
project sora which i mean we we kind of knew that um what else is interesting jump superstars for
the wii i think they did one for the wii u though so i mean that's not a big deal um
yeah that's here an unreleased n-space game it says a female spy infiltration action metal gear
like games um sounds interesting so yeah more stuff out of the leaks there's they're on they're
safe for now because that was the actual excite truck and not a sequel that they didn't make so
they didn't make so you you're you are on thin ice in nintendo to be fair they did make that
sequel they've been that doesn't count we don't talk about that sequel there should not be mini
games in the middle of a race where i have to throw pies at giant scary clowns or make a
sandwich in the middle of a race what did they call what was that game called that was it excite
excite bots that's right okay i still have it i i will still play it i just don't like it as much
as the original fair enough all right uh and our last story tonight has to do with yes this is an
actual game that's on its way out for playstation vr and it's a game called the last video store
since i don't know about you guys but i have like several people i know that have taken the track
up to i think it's it's bend right oregon where the last blockbuster is at that place has become
a meme of sorts and i'm sure is making money it's it's interesting to think that's probably
like a tourist attraction very randomly in that rural part of oregon at this point uh and that's
kind of how they're staying in business at this point is by being infamous as the last blockbuster
so uh playstation vr is doing a parody probably the last video stores i mean there's not really
video stores anymore no that's very true as well uh and so they're calling it because they don't
have any type of license and it's a little bit of parody this game is called the last video store
it is being done by rare bird games who made a game called sinfeld remaster it was a horror game
um so does that tell me it's a seinfeld horror game is that a seinfeld horror game i'm i think
it i'm trying to let me look up on it because i actually don't know um but i'm hoping our chat
might actually know yes it is it is a parody seinfeld horror game basically you went around
the apartments and you would get startled by a doll sometimes at points so um that that creative
genius is now bringing you this uh i love it so yeah there's a trailer out there you can check out
um you can explore the area around the store you can do a night drive around the neighborhood
there's a survival mode where you get realistic local jobs and bills to pay while managing your
video enthusiast hobbies on the side uh there's cult videos like evil dead and mac and me
and you can watch them in a theater i don't know how that works but okay um i'm pretty sure they
didn't license any any of this like none of this could be possibly licensed yeah but i think when
you're doing parody you can get away with a lot so as long as they're not using the actual movie
they can probably uh do it so yeah is it a horror game probably but uh more to come on this i think
this is really funny so how do they have clips from the movies in there um do they have clips
in the movies in it i see i'm watching the trailer and they have mac i see mac and me clips and maybe
they got licenses they got a deal somehow so all right but they didn't but okay sounds like some
of you uh have something to order on the playstation 4 all right anyway we'll we'll
i'll have to check that out when it gets a little closer release because i haven't bought anything
on playstation vr in a while but i want to check that out all right let's get to the listener
round table so we're going to get to the mailbag over at participate at orangesontrated.com and
i'm also going to open up our phones i haven't said that in a long time if you want to uh join
us tonight head on over to vog network.com slash discord and join the green room and we'll be
keep in mind this is going to work a little differently from before when i bring you in
from the green room you are instantly on air so make sure your camera isn't doing anything that's
going to get us banned from twitch and this is also why i'm probably going to stick to trusted
names and people that have been listening to the show for a little while or at least people i
recognize from other twitch channels if you're a completely random name probably not going to get
to right away until we have a little more comfort with how we can work with that i also have a
button i can hit here that won't show their actual camera until we're ready for it so
all right um let's get to it uh the mailbag actually i don't know if we have any email
participate at orangesontrated.com no nope how dare all right to to quote space balls we ain't found
shit that was tuvok that said that yeah it was yeah that was that was the same actor yeah
anyway uh participate at orangesontrated.com if you want to uh send us an email in a future week
okay so you know this me what drag race have you been watching just yet because i need to with you
the last lip sync with this lip syncs this season have been very strong that's what i'm going to say
this last one was really fun oh wait no i'm the one two weeks ago was really fun uh this last one
was good too uh there's a lot of people talking about how did the winning queen keep things in
place during that lip sync because that was that was uh a talent um well and also to answer bobby's
question i only got mandalorian yesterday and haven't had a chance to play it because of work
you should you should read the question read the question for the podcast listeners please
oh how is the man how was mandalorian pinball i thought i said it sorry um it's how was
mandalorian pinball and i don't know because i was at work and then streaming and doing stuff
all day so now we have company over who is playing mandalorian right now in our garage and i haven't
touched it yet uh bobby's getting a mando machine like tomorrow so i know that's awesome well ours
we weren't going to get one and then um it just happened to fall into place that the
we could trade monster bash which i was never interested in monster bash
um so i'm i'm pleased that we were able to set up the trade um no one special 77 in chat has a
question for us tonight that says uh before the days of digital distro of games did you have a
favorite go-to store for games that no longer exists now oh it's funny bobby listed software
etc and dj ronman s uh said funco land and i was gonna say babbages and all three of those are
owned by gamestop yes yeah softworks area you see my go-to um now i can answer this with fries
yeah womp womp r.i.p fries yeah that used to be my fave um i go to target now but they're not
they're not just extinct yet uh oh go ahead i'm just saying they won't be extinct for a while
probably um s joe and hunter matt says so is the next point challenge a bobby black wolf or jamie
and dan pinball garage stream that's a good point i don't know if we've unleashed the next challenge
yet i think no i so well hold on don't randomly shout something out that we're gonna be committed
to no this is this is why it's not gonna happen oh okay okay i need um i basically my webcam
is my iphone right i would actually need two dedicated cameras and um the link for my uh
for the boards unless i did uh you know one of the older tables and then had that instead be a
third camera so i would also have to have a big rig over it an anti-glare coating on the glass
or else the lights would just reflect so terribly on there if you really want to watch um a great
great uh pinball streamer um look up jack danger um who i also need to give a shout out to
um for helping me uh with uh with dan's uh dan's uh presents last year his christmas presents
um but uh i'm trying to actually figure out what his uh dead flip pinball so yeah um his
his channel is uh dead flip and he plays so many different tables if ever you want to learn
anything about a table see him and play absolutely watch him um and yeah bobby's will sing another
great one another great pinball streamer is pb underscore undesirables and he is going to be on
a panel i'm moderating at southern fried gaming expo um there's also um i think one that's called
like bro do you pin or bro do you flip or something like that um we watch that one from
time to time um there's also another husband and wife team that are really good streamers and for
the life of me i can't remember uh their names but most of the time i'm watching jack danger just
because i know he's been a cool cool guy he'll talk to people he's pretty pretty rad he likes
to say bro a lot at least last time i watched him um yeah we haven't decided what the next bonus
stream is to be honest so i think we still had done the last one so technically rob what maybe
we should do a kill your friends we can we can set something like that up oh you want to do like a
dbd night type of the community night i guess for lack of a better term maybe something like that
i mean i completely suck and i won't play survivor but uh yeah uh technically technically it's
bobby's turn but i don't know if he has anything on deck so i just meant like eventually yeah
eventually so uh we'll see i actually have an idea as well i just have to confirm it with
because there would be other people involved in a certain day um uh okay fuck it this isn't an
official announcement but it is something that we're trying to make happen and i think will
happen uh for a bonus stream in the near future and i think this is this is a good time for this
to happen too and that is a horde house reunion stream is in the works for this year yeah so uh
stay tuned so for those that don't know uh for several years i used to host a world of warcraft
podcast uh with my friends extfer and shane and grandpa matt and i've talked to i think
two of two of the three individually that are both like okay with it uh and i need to just get
everybody else on board and make sure we have the right time frame from that so um that is that is
something we're going to uh work on for the the somewhat near future so all right that just makes
me kind of regretful that the little comic thing i was working on with slidekick never came to
fruition except for one panel or one uh one comic you know i could probably get a reading is
fundamental reunion podcast even though that was never a vog show but i guess there's you know
whatever i i still think hills brad blues could could could launch yeah speaking well i don't
never mind i can't talk out of turn i can't talk about other people's projects without the go
ahead but all i say is that there's there's other projects i'm aware of that i think want to come
back after a long hiatus and i really hope they do sending all my love and strength i also have
a project in mind that i've you know mentioned around that i i really want to do although the
name is changing is i really want to do a dead by daylight podcast but not necessarily about
the game specifically but into the community and certain players and and different things like that
and i know i've brought it up to you and you've got a lot of projects on your plate but
love to find you know good good co-host yeah i'll guest on it but i just don't want to take
i offered it to alan too i would have really loved to have alan as my co-host but you know
things are where they are yeah yeah so and if you're listening and you're into the debbies
talk to me all right um well there's nobody in the green room but let me check on any last minute
stories from loki um i wanted to mention that there was some rumors well need screenshots of
the actual product so i don't know how it's a rumor in the sense that they're not announcing
officially but there's some more arcade one up stuff including a terminator 2 machine
which looks pretty awesome um i don't know if i'd want a dedicated terminator 2 machine but it's
still pretty cool maybe like with revolutionary so there um some other games that kind of have
that same setup but um yeah and then there was the uh i think it was a capcom fighting
maybe more versus capcom or streetfare 2 it was like a cocktail cabinet so they've got um so
that looked pretty cool yeah i'm with bobby and chat who says i'll believe it when i can buy it
yeah the the earlier e3 leak got me a little hyped up uh too soon but um my wallet is thankful on
that regard so um that's fine uh arcade 1up has already put out street fighter 2 numerous times
but i the cocktail element is probably the new part of that because you know there's uh people
love those cocktail cabs and i don't blame them yeah they're pretty nice yeah i might want to get
a cocktail cabinet for uh reasons in the future we'll see so all right i had dark tissue says and
then there was that whole simpsons thing no idea where that was that yeah the official trailer was
found and then mysteriously it didn't get announced like there was a last minute licensing
problem interesting yeah we'll see we'll see all right well um i don't think we have anybody
wanting to call tonight that's okay we'll try again next week i know it's a new concept we got
to get back into that uh but i think that brings us towards the end of the show and uh that is where
we're going to uh get everybody's final thoughts but first i want to say thank you so much for
downloading olr uh or listening to us live however you participated in the show this week
thank you for your support we really appreciate it if you enjoyed what you heard here at the show
uh please tell a friend or two about the show help us spread the word because we are the show
where every gamer has a voice but if the voices aren't here to put out on air then what can we do
um if you didn't enjoy the show then keep quiet no i'm kidding you can always email yeah shut up
and go away you can no you can always email us participate at orangeontraday.com or if you want
to reach out to me directly rob at vognetwork.com and uh send feedback i'm open to it um and uh
yeah a nice five-star review on a site like itunes or wherever you found this podcast
goes an awful long way uh if you feel so inclined we have a shop set up over at vognetwork.com
shop if you want to pick up an orange on radio t-shirt or some other excellent vog network
merchandise such as that 80s inspired logo the dark soccer put together that i will probably
use that shirt as one of my dragon con shirts so that will be fun um check that out vognetwork.com
slash shop i think that's it that brings me to the final thoughts in the end part of the show
uh dark soccer i'll let you go first because you probably want to go get are you are you streaming
tonight are you i am streaming tonight no i was saying that if if you don't have to raid me every
week if there's someone you think deserves a raid more i appreciate it though i absolutely absolutely
uh i it helps me a lot and i appreciate it sure um so yeah if you feel so inclined for dead by
daylight maybe a little bit of extra discussion maybe i'll talk about my own deep thoughts about
the the blizzard thing earlier today then uh stay stay tuned for the for for after the show i'm i'm
thank you i probably am gonna raid tonight um just because i'm not prepared to do anybody else but i
will uh evaluate for next week and maybe yeah we'll spread the love a little bit sure why not
i'm also i also have a follower goal now so i'm trying to get up to 200 for my next uh steps i
would hope oh the all the olr people are following you at this point though you'd be surprised i i i
wanted to do some finger waggling so i'm gonna go ahead and duck out and use the facilities and get
myself ready for the for the show all right fair enough all right take care bye-bye okay uh loki
we can get to your final thought tonight uh my final thought is i need to now i need to figure
out what i'm gonna do next for my next video actually i already know what i'm gonna do but
i need to actually plan it out so all right get to work clock starts again get to work but maybe
not frame by frame like maybe no no maybe an easier maybe a quicker post-production i'm sure
there's a better way to do it but like i this is the first time i actually used after effects so
it was kind of a learning learning as they go um my final thought this week is um and i think
i referenced this on last week's show but i'll just uh tell you what's going on i am having
surgery on wednesday and so um it's not anything to be too concerned about um basically the deal
is you probably can't see this on twitch i'm going to try to show you anyway and apologize to the
podcast listeners but if i do a side profile you can probably actually see on my neck there's like
a little bit of a bump there's like a growth there on my neck yeah so um i've actually had that for
like four years and it's been getting a little bit bigger um and it's actually started to hurt
a little bit so they're gonna be removing it um they don't suspect it's anything bad um they'll
do all the tests on it just to make sure just out of abundance of caution um but yeah that is uh
what i'm having removed on wednesday and so um i'm gonna be in recovery um i'm hoping it's a pretty
quick thing that uh they're not making it sound like i'm gonna be it's just you know uh there'll
be stitches in it so i have to basically treat it like a wound that has stitches that you know
will take a couple days to recover and all that stuff so um uh did you remember says going to
dr pimple popper now you and i both know that is not covered by our fair insurance kind of
in this country so um i'm going to a doctor doctor doctor uh that is covered by my insurance that i
guess does the exact same thing pretty much so yeah uh and tay plays game says is it a lipoma
i've got one on my arm too usually benign you'll be fine that is exactly what it is
so it's just a weird place on my neck so yeah uh at least that's what it's been diagnosed as
so uh yeah thank you everybody i really appreciate that but that is what's going so next week if i'm
wearing a scarf on the show i don't want to hear it so i'm just gonna put that up front next week
if i'm wearing a scarf now you know why i don't want to hear it all right uh that's it have a
great week everybody we'll see you in seven days play some games uh have some fun uh don't be mean
to people online and um especially don't be mean to people in real life uh which is i think a topic
we we talked in depth about tonight um call that bullshit out when you see it everywhere
and anywhere have a good night everybody see ya you've been listening to orange lounge radio
orange lounge radio is a production of olr studios to join us for a live show tune into
vog network.com sunday nights at 6 p.m pacific 9 p.m eastern the views and opinions expressed
in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of orange lounge radio
or vog network but you know they were all still true
see you next week
you